The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
Who's that at the door? Can I guess? Can I wager a guess?
Wager a guess, Griffin. Is it the maximum fun tax collector?
It's the tax man. He's here at the door and the time has come. The bill is due.
You've had a lot of fun over the past year, and now it's time to pay the piper.
The pony piper. It's time to go to the comedy debtor's prison.
My name is Justin McElroy. I'm Travis McElroy.
My name is Griffin McElroy. I'll eat the fingernails off your fingers if you don't donate.
That's like my form of mafia torture, I guess. I don't know.
Let me say that this is my brother and my brother made an advice show for the modern era,
and this week is Max Fun Drive, and that means my advice is that the bill is due.
It's not really advice as much as it is a threat. Guys, for real though,
you know, I love doing these drives because it's crazy that people support us in this way,
but the more years that pass, I start to feel guilty because I can't believe how much support
we've gotten in past years. You know what I mean? I feel like we're sort of pushing it to continue
asking for support, but it really does help us and the network grow in pretty significant ways.
It doesn't help us. It gets us money. Don't you want us to have money?
Don't you like us? Aren't we your friends? Why don't you give your friends more money
if they needed it? Money is good to have for the things to do.
Here's the way I look at it. The Max Fun Drive is not about getting money from our friends as much
as I would like it to be. It's about celebrating the relationship that's formed between our
supporters and the things that they support. It's us saying thank you and welcome to the
family to new donors. And that'll be $500. That'll be $500. Don't try and pay us in yen
or rubles or rupees from Zelda or RuPaul's. Don't try and give us five RuPaul's.
We cannot spend that at Trader Joe's. We just can't. I tried.
Anyway, this is our pleasure episode. We'll be talking more about what that means.
The short version is you are about to become a member of the Max... Okay, so the Max Fun Fund
is like a family, okay? And if you don't give us money, then you're not a member of the family.
If you do give us money, you can give us more money and just like any other family,
become more loved. And increase your status in the family. You could become the dad.
You could become the dad of the family. Isn't that what you want? Anyway, let's help people
and then we'll talk about this a little bit more. I regularly heat up leftovers at work
and eat them at my cubicle for my lunch break. When this happens, passing colleagues feel
compelled to let me know how delicious my lunch smells as they pass by, which for some reason
makes me highly uncomfortable. Is there a way to get them to chill? Or am I at fault,
having fired the first olfactory shot when I filled the office with reheated burrito
fragrance? Tommy S, it is your fault. Is it? You gotta eat that food cold like a failure.
The only thing that makes sense in this world is for everyone to eat a scentless lunch in the
office. If you're reheating, if you're bringing in leftovers... I cannot tell you how many times
one of the many break rooms I've inhabited in one of my many retail jobs has been filled
with a perfume of something like old salad stuffed in a burger that is also old. And it's very
unpleasant. At least he's rolling up with good smelling burritos. Says he. Fair. Maybe they're
trying to get... maybe it's like a little passive aggressive like, mmm, I really smell that. That
has a very present smell to me. Can I tell you how my brain works? Because I'm a fucking eight
year old. And this is very much like the part of my brain that whenever you guys would have
birthdays because you have the same birthday, I had to get a present too, which I think probably
ruined me for life. But whenever I would be at work and I would smell somebody cooking pizza,
I would always be like, Ah, shit, Dan went out for pizza for everybody. No, it's not. Dan's going
on a private, private, solo, damn pizza adventure. That's why what you got to do is you got to heat
up your burrito and then escape the building and spend five minutes outside of that hell hole
for once. Go get in your car, a little car dining. How romantic. Heat it up on the cigarette lighter.
Just like in Goofy Movie. Just like in Goofy Movie. Have some Hi Dad Soup. Have some Hi Dad
Soup Goofy Movie. That's a Goofy Movie deep talk. Power line. Just saying things. Leaning Tower of
Cheats. Just saying things from Goofy Movie. Just a little Goofy Movie free association jazz.
It doesn't have to be funny as long as you recognize it.
Man, I feel for this person because like I haven't actually worked too many jobs where
I don't think I ever actually had a job where I worked with more than like two people at the same
time. A lot of small retail environments. But it would make me pretty angry when somebody would
bring in leftovers because it's like that's good food probably. That's good food and like
we literally have no way of getting at that. There's a Hardee's across the street but that's
just sort of just a thing to fill the hole that's inside my body that gives me strength to scan
documents. Right. Tommy, let me tell you why it makes you uncomfortable when people
recognize your food smells. It's because in any job pretty much I would say 100% of the time
your job is to not get noticed and then suddenly something you can't help is drawing attention to
you, Tommy, and that's scary. It's like prairie dogs. You gotta stay low. Don't pop up too high
or the hawks are gonna swoop down and eat you. It's a reason you never see those little motherfuckers
eating burritos. That's true. Next time someone compliments the smell, whip out a secret fork that
you had hidden in your pocket and just like- Dive in, my man. Indicate that you want to get in there
and then people will learn. You want to double team this or what? That will make them so highly
uncomfortable. Are we gonna dance around this all day or are we gonna make this happen? Let's get
this thing eaten. You could also only bring in foods. There are foods we can acknowledge
that are basically inedible after they have aged a day. French fries. French fries. Yeah,
that's exactly what I was thinking. I've never eaten a french fry or day two. 24 hours later,
I was like, mm, goddamn french fries. So I was like, ugh, that's the second time around.
So maybe that's an option. Cheeses. That's the thing. Anytime I get french fries at a restaurant
and I do some sort of doggy bag, I almost always have french fries with me, but I don't know what
I'm supposed to do with this. They're a garnish adapt. They change from food to garnish.
They're basically packing material. It just adds weight to the bag to make you feel you've
accomplished something. Yeah. I guess the best advice I can give you is to not eat in the building.
Go out to your car. Or devise a special suit that you can wear that you put the food inside before
you eat it. A little space suit for your food. You know what I mean? And it keeps all the smells
trapped inside and then maybe you can put on the suit and eat it from within. Sort of like in the
movie gravity. Get something like, yeah, right. Where the astronauts wear where it's like it's
warmed by soup, like soup circulating through the suit and you can just dip into a nozzle
and slurp some down. Do not grab the wrong nozzle. Don't grab the wrong nozzle. Don't get the wrong
don't let that soup just flow free. That's how that astronaut almost drowned. Did you hear about
that soup? I heard about that on the news channel. Yeah. Loaded potato soup going in there and it was
just free floating in space, getting in his nose and his eyes and his gullet and he couldn't breathe
and he died in space and he's still up there. Like, like, like, yeah. You know what? I just
like you so much. Me too. You got a fucking bad hand. Go for the Yahoo. Sure. Um, this Yahoo was.
I knew you would. I thought you would at least. Okay. This Yahoo was sent in by David DeCruz.
Thank you David. It's by Yahoo. It's by Yahoo answers user Olivia who asks best exercise
to get rid of a long bum. What? Best exercise to get rid of a long bum.
I know exercise is not my cup of tea at all, but I've got one of those quote long bums
unquote and lately I'm a bit paranoid about it. Ways to make it go.
I've got one of those long bums that you read about. You can't just put things in quotes and
make them a thing. That's not how English works. Is this going to be one of those things where
we're going to like make fun of this for being like a made up bullshit thing and then we're
going to get all these emails where it's like I'm from Ireland and here we say long bum all the time.
Maybe that person's from Ireland. Or maybe it's an affliction that specifically affects Ireland.
Like oh you might. It's basically like two cone heads down there.
That's what I'm imagining. It's just like two cone heads down there.
Just dipping into Urban Dictionary real quick. Okay. Oh a long bum is a long flat ass
usually although not exclusively found on older middle-aged women. How can it be long and like
a duck spill? Apparently at one point it stuck out but now it's fallen. Apparently your butt starts
between your shoulder blades and stops mid-thigh so it's just like a long. Oh my god okay so it's
long up and down not long. Yes exactly. Okay so I was imagining a sort of a protrusion right that's
thank you or like a like a plesiosaur. Is that right? Yes. Were they the ones that had the thing?
Uh it is often accentuated by unstylish ill-fitting high-waisted pants or skirts.
If we're talking about a butt because I'm still having trouble wrapping my mind around the
proportions are we are we talking about this being long on the horizontal axis?
No we're talking about a bum that starts. Can she throw it over her shoulder like a continental soldier?
I'm talking about a bum that starts at the back of the nape of your neck and extends down to your
ankles to where if you fall backwards it is. You can spread out your arms and glide like a squirrel.
Okay I still I don't think that's true. I don't think a person can have that in like function.
Apparently you just think that because you don't know enough middle-aged women because apparently
according to Urban Dictionary that's our target demo here. Middle-aged women at some point just
like fucking rupture and divide up the back. It's called migrating butt.
Yeah only when there's a full moon though. My question is how would Sir Mix-A-Lot feel about this?
He would probably like be initially really into it and then think like I don't know like hey mama
I'm loving it you know what actually I do like big butts but like like spacious butts I don't know.
Right I like butts with a lot of volume not with not square footage I don't care about diameter
so much as I care about volume. You have your butt's radius is like unhealthy it seems like
it's hard to say. Baby got a back that is literally a hundred percent composed of butt.
It's yeah like your whole back like I mean that literally you have butt you have a back that is
a butt. I don't think that's what this is I think a long bum is just a bum that sticks out really far
from the back and you have to wear special prescription pants to get it in there. See I
think that's a look everybody's going for I don't think that's something you need to work off. No
no but you understand it's not like a round like you know you know round a nice round uh rump it's
just um I don't know it's just like a like a ray it just shoots out there. Are you talking about
a bum that is entirely composed of light? Can we stop saying bum? I'm just using the vernacular
so like a a butt sorry it is composed of light. Listen no description that we can come up with
is going to be better than my two cone heads thing. I think we already nailed the visual
like two two leaders just sort of like popping out there uh what exercise can we do to shorten
this thing? You got to lay down on your stomach and then put weights on top of it and slowly let
it push back down. You're gonna have to lay there for a month you're gonna need caretakers and
you're gonna get more weight you're trading off long bum for bed source but you you stand up you
put books on your bum and then you walk like a beautiful lady across the room and eventually
with your perfect posture you will eliminate long bum. I don't think you'll eliminate it as much I
think you'll probably just sort of hinge it down I think you'll just bend it down at like a like a
110 degree angle um which is still not ideal but at that point you can at least sort of tuck it
into your pant legs. I think the nice thing about the book solution is even if it doesn't get rid of
your long bum you'll discover that you have some very convenient built-in shelving. I don't think
you could put like just books on your butt and walk around and be like. So wait a minute Griffin
just so I'm clear you you don't think you could put books on your butt and walk around is that
what you're saying? I just want to clarify after almost 200 episodes this is where you draw the
kind of improv line. No it's just we're spending so much time asking can we do this and we should
spend time thinking should we do this and the answer. And then you're slapping it on a lunchbox
and you're selling it you're selling it. You can't you can't. You're putting your lunchbox on your
butt and you're carrying it you're carrying it. You have a crazy long bum it's very stable it's a
load-bearing bum. Your bum finds a way out of your pants and extends into infinity. The bum of the
mind. We've said nobody's listening anymore because we said bum too many times. Uh this is uh our
pledge drive show and we joked about it at first but uh this is legitimately um a really important
time of year and we're doing a longer episode for you because hey that's what uh we're here for. So
uh uh Maximum Fund Drive 2014 if you pledge to give us some money every month right and what
does that money go to? It's going to help fund our shows it's going to help us acquire new shows
it's going to help us make the great shows that you love so very very very much. Can we point out
like uh earlier this year we spent that money on getting Travis a new computer because his fucking
literally died while we were recording a show. Uh it we it helped expand the network we added what
four new shows. No not even that because we added fucking saw bones in the last year.
Yeah and it's there's there's a lot uh and it lets us make great stuff so but but here's the thing
if you pledge some money to help us out you are not just throwing it down a vacuum and hoping it
finds a nice home. No in fact you are going to get some lovely lovely gifts. If you could pledge just
five dollars a month maybe times are tight and you can only do five that is totally understandable
and we still appreciate you very much. In fact we are going to give you access to a staggering amount
of bonus content it is unfathomable. You'll literally shit you'll literally when you open up the
fucking. You will because there's so much you won't be able to tear yourself away from it and you'll
just end up shitting because you sat in the same place for like 14 hours. When you fucking tap our
comedy cloud you best be sitting on John because you're gonna you're gonna dump right there.
There are like six episodes of our show there's a new saw bones there's unheard episodes there's
videos that we've made there's a ton a treasure trove I would say and you're gonna get access
to all of it. Not just for our show for every show on the show on the network it's it's an insane
amount of content it's waiting there for you five dollars a month ten dollars a month you're gonna
get the the original the new shows like that comes with everything right like you're no matter what
if you donate at least five bucks you're gonna get that a ten dollars a month you're a friend of the
family you're gonna get an 18 month mini max fun cal calendar uh and it features paintings uh by
megan lynn cott of max fun host as cats maybe you've seen ours with the three brothers as the
three cats she's done those maybe you've seen maybe you've seen a picture of cats if have you
seen three cats recently at 20 a month you're in the diamond friendship circle uh this is a really
exciting one it's the max fun morning essentials kit you're gonna get cobalt blue max fun rocket
it's slick it looks tight i kind of wish i have one you're going to get a half bag of tonks coffee
which as a tonk subscriber i can tell you that is going to be a treat you can regale your significant
other with stories of a land far away where they made this coffee for you to enjoy uh and it is is
going to be delicious and very exciting for fans of my brother my brother me you are going to get
a bar of stack soap so that's right stack soap is back there a huge support of the max fun network
and you're going to get a bar of it thanks to uh our buddies at tonks and stack soap they're very
very nice i'll warn you once you get that first bar and once you slot in whatever dumb shitty
soap you're using now into it you are never going to use any kind of soap no kidding since we first
got that stack soap it's the only kind of soap only soap i've used yeah uh and 35 you also get
your you should point out that for each like thing that you have each level you move up you get all
the stuff and oh yeah levels before you get the calendar and the free the the bonus content whenever
you get the the 20 a month morning essentials kit 35 a month you're going to be part of judge john
hodge from justice squad pair of engraved rocket uh engraved highball glasses which will complement
my uh what do i have old-fashioned rocks glasses rocks glasses right um uh and then the the gifts
just go from there if you do 100 bucks a month you're going to be a member of the inner circle
which is uh our monthly culture club where hosts of max fun shows like pick something that's
important to them if you remember that last year you would have received a copy of a buckshot la
funk cd that we recommend oh that's right shit i forgot about that yeah we we we send in our
recommendations and then every month you get either a copy of whatever it is we recommended
or a download code uh and i guess people got some fucking titan buckshot la funk download code y'all
welcome enjoy good album fuck buckshot rules now keep in mind that this is these are for
if you're already a donor and you upgrade uh then you can get like so if you're already a
ten dollar a month donor you can upgrade to the diamond friendship circle and you'll get all the
gifts if you're already a donor like thank you i like your support is unbelievable to me uh you're
gonna get all of the the bonus content all the bonus episodes uh for from all the shows uh but
if you want the the new gifts and you gotta either up your up your total or or if you're
if you've never donated then you can you can start and then you know get whatever so anyway
most important thing okay give it what's the most important thing when you donate when you become a
donor you're going to be asked to pick your favorite show on the network and you should pick
my brother my brother and me even if we're not your favorite i beg of you i don't know if my
brother and my brother me i don't know if it's gonna happen again destroy all the other max
fun shows we well you know there's another show also there's one show called sawbones and i get
a 50 50 split on so let's just like wave between those two like like just do this aside for yourself
listen on any other day i'm a huge fan of saw bones we must crush it just want to say god
baby only i still want to start so just like saw bones or my brother my brother me whatever
you want to do i don't see any of the saw bones profits uh so okay so you're going to go here's
what you're going to do you're going to go to maximum fun dot org right now and you're going
to click donate are you hypnotizing people right now you're going to do this look at this towel
i don't have i do not have a pendant your eyes swell um don't think about this decision anymore
go there first and then think about it as you're buying it like think about like is this right we
listen we need you we appreciate you thank you so much uh i have another question i'm a wedding
photographer i love the way you say i love i'm just now realizing this almost after 200 episodes
and maybe it's because i like listen to it while we're doing it and i edit it you have so many
words that you toss an extra r into at the beginning of it and it's the most family circus
like most adorable thing in the entire world now what are you what are you referring to exactly
you just said photographer you went full-blown jeffy for like a half second i think you have
a very like selective aphasia and it's like a jeffy aphasia a joff asia i'm a wedding
for i'm a wedding photographer
justin have you ever uh did you ever take a science class and learn all about phretosynthesis
he was my favorite ability of harvest to feed themselves by standing in the sun sure
i'm a wedding photographer and some of my friends of mine from high school who i haven't really kept
in touch with hired me to shoot their wedding they sent me a wedding invitation which is unusual
should i feel obligated to bring a wedding gift even though i wouldn't have been invited if i
weren't doing their photos that's from ben in toronto toronto i was going to ask like were you
close in high school but i guess if you like if you know you wouldn't have been invited if you
weren't the photographer that kind of answer well no i mean they may have been close in high school
but like i have people that i was close to in high school that i like i just haven't kept in touch
with and i didn't invite them to my wedding um but i think that's the question is like were you super
good friends and you're also the photographer there is a huge variable here that this person
did not include uh and it will affect any judgment we could possibly render on this subject and that
is are they paying you to photograph their wedding because if they just fucking invited you oh man i
really don't want to pay for a photographer do we know anybody oh yeah well he he specifically
said they hired him to do it well okay but that's a that's a win either way the solution's the same
either way i don't think that that changes the the verdict because one of two things is happening
here either you are hired labor right you're being paid to do a job there in which case you wouldn't
bring a gift because any more than the guy that's going to carve up the prime rib it would bring the
roast that wouldn't make any sense he brings the meat he brings the meat and that's his gift now
flip side if you are not getting paid and they just ask you to shoot photos oops looks like
you already got your gift and it's called your talent hey and how about that's the best gift
ever that's like a 1200 gift that's like a crazy expensive gift now that said what you don't want
to do is voluntarily if they are going to pay you 1200 dollars ben do not call them and say
that's going to be my gift to you because you need to feed yourself and close yourself
and and house yourself yeah no you would no no you're not going to offer this if it is understood
that you're doing this for free no gift if they're paying you no gift this this is a you are scott
free here okay you are you are completely completely fine um now if you want to maybe
throw them in a few extra prints at the end maybe a few extra wall-e's maybe higher prints maybe
higher prints to do a big movie ending number at the end of their wedding maybe include a few
pictures of yourself in the final cut oh boudoir maybe sign them my best my best congrats on the
wedding here's what i looked like on that special day you probably don't know you were busy here
was my reaction you were super busy this is what my face looked like the moment that you said i do
and exchanged vows and gave each other rings and then kissed i know you probably wanted photos of
that instead um but i was a little busy taking pictures of like my face and my reactions to your
eternal love i'm so sorry here's a pretty bird that i found outside sorry about missing the
father daughter it was during the father daughter dance but look at this bird though also i scheduled
some swimsuit photos very taste very tasteful it was during the cake cutting i am very sorry about
this also look at these bae look at these babes though i got them on site at your wedding i got
you a copy of the calendar that i made smoking babes on their wedding days but not their wedding
it was yours smoke of babes on your wedding day they wore your veil i hope that's cool did i ever
tell you guys about this is a bit of a non-sequitur but talking about reactions to ceremonies made me
think about it when rachel and i were shopping around for wedding venues we went to a place
where just the douchiest fucking guy ever was the i guess groundskeeper and proprietor
of this establishment um first of all literally 15 feet as the crow flies from the ceremony spot
they had uh the three crosses like the like the calgary calgary is that right no calgary calgary
like the where the mountain the crucifixion mountain calvary calvary okay calvin uh they
had that right is it which is not ideal right um and then we were like talking to him well that's
a great photo op great great photo op also a chilling chilling reminder as you're walking
down the aisle uh oh man we've had sex so many times already shit um and this dude we were like
talking to him about like what his duties his coordinator would be and he was like during the
ceremony i just sort of stand at the back and what i do is i don't look at the bride when she walks
down the aisle i look at the groom's face and that's how i know and i was like we have to get
in our car we have to get in our car and we have to drive and we have to move away from the state
because that was the creepiest thing a stranger hi i just met you five minutes ago but i'm gonna
scope your face and that's how i'm gonna know whether you love your bride or not what if during
the fucking day like of i'm chasing a mosquito or something and like i'm distracted and he's
like this fool doesn't love this lady objection get the fuck out of my venue true love only true
love only man what a gross gross guy that is not a cool not ideal um anyway you are covered on
photos good news been no photos of course i don't know canada law i this is this is my american
advice i've never been to a canadian wedding maybe it's different i don't know probably not
probably not that different bad news bad news what my wife likes to talk during movies and tv shows
not me but me but i mean yes also me find the character me not me specifically that me the
character i'm playing right now uh and i'm sad to say podcasts that we listen to in the car
including leavers how dare you i've taken to secretly watching my shows late at night when
she's asleep so i don't have to pause and rewind them constantly treating doctor who had the same
privacy and shame one would treat pornography my wife is a lovely person whom i adore so is there
a way i can convince to trick her not to do this and that's from i really don't think i should put
my name here they actually say uh a way i can convince or trick her which man i really wish
every question we got gave us as much rope to hang ourselves on yeah maybe just before you start
watching give her a big mouthful of taffy yeah bad news about your sign off by the way she knows she
knows already wives are much smarter than husbands i put a little peanut butter a little peanut
butter uh maybe a ring pop maybe a ring pop that's a juicy jewel of flavor maybe smoking maybe at
least then you know you could get some listening in in between the drags i man this is like so hard
because what you're basically i mean the basic implication of asking her to curtail this behavior
is like listen i know that you have some things to say to me but i'm trying right now i'm trying
to hear jeff probe describe this challenge right and i don't want to be lost on the rules of this
like meaningless thing you miss the explanation and then they go and then there's a ball and then
they're throwing water to each other and then they have to walk basically at that point like watching
chimps do their regular activities like playing in a in some sort of uh habit it's like you got
to raise the banner you got to use the water in the balls to raise the banner and it's like i don't
know how they use the water in the balls to raise the banner i don't know who's winning i have no
context for who's doing good at this sport because you won't shut your fucking trap that's also what
it's like trying to watch big brother at any point during big brother ever in history yeah you will
never you will never understand if you did not watch it from the very beginning that's just like
war and peace you were never going to catch up with like okay so wait a minute they have to flip
for the head of household and then there's a robot named zane bot that comes in and insults
them and also they're all covered in whipped cream what's happening what's a show man's dying
we've tried to watch that with my in-laws before and we still have not been able to to catch up
with the rules um yeah this sucks i don't know what to tell you because it's like you can't be
like i don't want to hear what you have to say i want to hear what bradley whipford has you can't
say like i treasure more what the virtual man inside my box that i got from best buy
more than i treasure your words my wife i love you you know what you might try and this is
something that like or how we should make this clear this is this is a gender neutral thing
some i yes absolutely the worst uh infractors of this uh this social norm uh that i know are all
dudes yeah do you want to know like moment of clarity my my real advice here uh-oh yep tough
wow i mean here's the thing but like can i can you up can i upgrade that real quick
yeah tough titty okay whoa good addition justin anything you'd like to add i mean i have some
actual good advice but go ahead no but here's my advice is you you gotta you can't let it bother
you you have to do it and enjoy spending time with your significant other and realize it's
not about your enjoyment of the uh media anymore it's about spending the time together listening
to the thing and then if you want to do it again later um without her so that you can get a full
a double dip a director's cut go for it but you can't bonus content yeah but you can't tell her
to shut it because what you're saying well don't you wouldn't tell her to shut it travis i don't
think that if he was going to find a way to do this he'd i don't think he would go hey real quick
hey real quick shut it thanks just describing the challenge can you shut it i'm not saying i'm
perfect my single brother of you i i two things first off travis does have some grain of truth
inside what he's saying in that if you're watching tv it should be a communal activity you're never
gonna you know if you both feel like like paying really close attention then find a show that you
know you do that if you want a show where you're just gonna like not just chat all the way through
it there are shows that are great for that too that's what reality television's for oh my god
the bachelor was made for that like the bachelor literally the people i watch that show with like
we talk constantly because usually we drain two bottles of red wine while watching it uh so that's
not like that's not that far off i mean i think uh usually you might be able to get a sense maybe
of like if if there's a time when the two of you are going to want to watch a show and chat through
it or watch show and focus on the other thing i would say is this is something that i was really
bad about early in my marriage is that like i would turn the tv on as soon as we sat down to eat
dinner and then it would just stay on permanently and sydney and i would talk a lot through tv shows
and it initially bugged me but then i realized that like that was the only time the two of us
were sitting together was that the tv was on so if you take some time and like have like just made
more time to actually talk and you know talk about what's going on in her life and you know do that
great communication that makes relationships so great then uh you know it may not be something
where you know she may be all talked out you may be all talked out i'm saying she again to
re-emphasize we're specifically answering this person's question this is not a gender issue
it's not um because sometimes i get talky and sydney gets irritated at me it's usually during
reality tv shows where she'll get like deep into something i'm like i listen i'm just just i don't
i want her to say yes to some dress sure but i can't really focus on individual dresses they're
kind of blurring together this season of the bachelor was especially perfect for it um because
not because juan pablo english was his uh second or third language uh but because he was terrible
and didn't some like have a conversation with any of the 27 women that he sampled
during that show sampled is that the right verb sampled is the appropriate how do you say sampled
uh you guys want yahoo yes please uh okay i said yes please okay uh this yahoo was
sent in by jordan benner thank you jordan it's by yahoo answers user carmen who asks
how could i mail fried chicken oh if you figure it out my friend would like some chick filet but
the nearest estates away uh how could i keep the chicken healthy parentheses frozen in the mail
oh uh thanks for your help there's real answers to this but what's the real like dry ice i mean
you freeze it and then there's like like cooler boxes you could ship stuff in that's how they
ship like frozen omaha steaks and stuff i mean fried fried chicken proper on the bone would hold
like that's that's good picnic food yum yum i don't think a fucking sloppy pickle chick filet sammy
is gonna like and that's the other problem is it's not coming frozen you're gonna buy it
made and hot from the store and then freeze it and then ship it i mean i don't think that that
that temperature temperature yo-yo is not gonna you're not gonna come out on the winning end oh
god no how boner is this person for some chick filet though because you gotta think like once
you add dry ice there you're gonna want to do two day shipping at the very most right you don't want
to go any longer than you have to overnight you gotta overnight you have to hire an organ courier
to get it to you exactly my friend's gonna die if he doesn't give this chick filet transplant
go go go of all the of i mean do you want me to really fucking set this i doubt this person's
listening but the easy solution is you can make this shit at home yourself and it's the easiest
you know the secret marinate that chicken in pickle juice for like a day and then you cook it
whoa what's up tasty homophobia come in oh and then you just like yell some brutal fred felps
shit at it oh yeah maybe like i mean obviously option one is like don't ever buy you flay i mean
that's like that's fine no they turned it they turned it around no they no they turned it around
they did they did they have a nice camp that's a pr play they have it's a pr play but it's coming
from a place of authenticity if you see the chick the commercials where the cows are like sorry about
the sorry about all the education just go if there's a site called the serious eats uh they
they have a recipe like a very detailed not only like a recipe for how to do it but like
a story it is like tinker taylor soldier spy for making a chick-fil-a sandwich like there is intrigue
there is failure there is redemption there is some light drug use um there's msg it's got
everything uh and they'll tell you how to work all that stuff out is there a food is there like
a food that you guys can't get in west virginia and ohio and i know there's a lot of people who
in west virginia and ohio and i know there's a lot of foods that you can't get like i don't
know vegetables um there's one i've been wanting to try um what is it salad salad that's a shame
man you can rack up some serious cookie points with salad i know i could be it's just a big bowl
of cookie points uh with dressing i've been wanting to try long pork for a while i cannot
find it anywhere yeah uh okay so actually let me i'm trying to think i mean there's stuff that i
like that i can't like uh for example i can't get uh like i like a i like a dirty bowl of skyline
chili every now and then uh can't get that sorry is there a clean bowl of skyline chili that i've
never heard over witnessed no i'm just saying in general you know you should ask me i'll mail you
some skyline no see this is that we're back in the same but i will not put it in a container
i'll just dump it in a box and mail it okay an envelope that has been reddened by beef juice
delicious um i'm trying to think of there any others um yeah i mean there's beverages i can't
get sheer wine oh no one can get sheer wine what are you able to get sheer wine in austin no no
uh well okay no there's the flag store which i took you guys to there's sort of like a beverage
depot uh they have it but it's not like i'm pretty sure that shit is strictly in the carolinas and
georgia and florida if you live there like can you send us some cheer wine what is the address
and then juice you'll have to forward that p.o box that to me no i'll just jam it and don't
send like full calorie cheer wine because i'll never drink that that's sugar it's all sugar
i need diet cheer wine anyway uh yeah that is that those are my two i guess i like i like a nice bowl
of skyline chili there's probably some i'm forgetting i mean we don't have a a wide array of
food options here we're getting a chipotle whoa getting two chipolas actually where's the chipotle
coming in they're putting the chipotle on fifth avenue nice and then they're putting one up at
the mall two simul simul chipotles we got panera we got chipotle highington city on the grow yeah
we got panera we got all the like mainstays all the all the biggies there's a tgi friday's
you do have sort of a vacation spot you do have all the biggies got all the biggies because your
state your state uh wrestles with obesity the bad news is i'm never going to be able to afford
uh all these delights that i want to purchase because i don't have enough money if only there
was a way that i could get more of it do you guys have any suggestions steal it i know our listeners
at home are thinking i just listened to these three dudes talk about the location of new chipotles
in a town i'll never go to how can i support how can i support this how can i become a patron of
this specific type of art uh there's good news there's a it's a because it's max fun drive time
uh now what what specifically does does your money go to well it goes to us uh we get uh
money and uh but more importantly other people get money and everybody gets money and and when
they get that money it lets them make this content like it's not just like i'm gonna line my wallet
it lets us you know make time in our day and our schedules to record the show and get new equipment
that's huge i mean really that's a it's a great point justin because the frequency with which
you know new content is uploaded uh to max fun it's mostly weekly like that's insane and the
way that we're able to do that is because you know the we're able to be paid to do it it's a job
and so you get consistent uh i don't know about consistent no inconsistent entertainment
drop some fucking bricks i think my slogan for my brother my brother and me would be
inconsistent entertainment consistently delivered like you definitely get it you definitely get
some no we do buy new equipment like i said we bought try every new laptop earlier this year
justin you got that uh audio mixing board which is why your fucking tones sound so dulcet now
yeah um no joke so we get to do stuff like that uh mostly it's what i love is that like our our
the network has been expanding so rapidly over especially over the past couple years
uh earlier this year we added oh no ross and carrie we added lady the lady the goose down
uh we added the revamped international waters uh revamped international we we added fucking
uh song exploder which is absolutely incredible if you're not listening to it uh and then i mean
last year was what saw bones one bad mother um wham bam pow wham pam pow that like it's these
are like i i listen to most of the shows on the network on a weekly basis like when i think about
how much time i spend listening to our podcasts like i don't know if you're in the same same boat
i think as a as an effort or as a as a value proposition i almost said effort values which
is like a pokemon mechanic is probably not um but that's why i mean that's why we're all donors i
donate because i support the work that we do and i like yeah all three of us are donors which i
guess is a little bit self-serving i did not pick our show as as my favorite show and i don't i
sure as fuck did and i will again i'm sure uh i i so here's what you're gonna do you're gonna
get a maximum fun.org and you're gonna click the button on the upper right hand corner it says
like the show please donate and you click that donate button or you can go to maximumfund.org
slash donate if you want to do that if that's your thing uh you're gonna see a lot of different
levels um if you're already a donor just you want to go down to the bottom of the selections there
and you can upgrade your uh donation um and just a reminder at five dollars a month you're going
to get an insane baffling amount of bonus content ten dollars a month you're going to get bonus
content and this adorable uh calendar twenty dollars a month you're going to be in the diamond
friendship circle and you're gonna get the max fun morning essentials kit that's got stack soap
it's soap that stacks inside of itself figure that out you can put the stupid sliver right in
the divot and uh you're gonna get some tonks coffee and that's just like and a mug just like
us saying thank you uh thirty five dollars a month if you can do that it would be amazing
you're gonna be in the judge john hodgeman's justice squad and you're gonna get a pair of
rocket engraved highball glasses so go do that right yes i'm like a uh i i am a full-time baller
i guess is how you would describe me i ball so hard i've got a broke clock
okay that makes sense uh a second hand that don't tick tock i've always wondered about that lyric
like why why does him having a broken piece of electronics like like modify how hard he balls
like i have a clock because he balls all the time because he's waiting for it to hit five o'clock so
you stop balling and go home to his wife punch his pocket broken and he's stuck at work oh man
he's perpetually stuck at like 4 33 like god damn it where's this taking an end i've been
balling for seven years now i'm i'm tired i'm thirsty i haven't sat down i don't know i have
lots of clocks at work and i think that makes me ball a little bit harder because i know what time
it is what were you talking about before did you have a question i have i want to support this
network with 200 a month can i do that uh yeah you can if if you want to be like the best human ever
if you do that you're going to be in jordan's platinum angels uh if you do that you're going
to get free registration on the atlantic ocean comedy music festival that's on a boat so yeah
i think you're gonna want to definitely do that who's that boat party dot business here
uh let me see let me do a quick google search oh that's right everybody on the face of the earth
except you right now is going to be there they've got uh chris fairbanks uh kamau bell our our dear
friend kamau bell most mush casher uh man not a lot of easy names to say like a quick secession
i will say that they got kyle morgan murphy who's hysterical kyle canane who's fucking nearly killed
us at max fun yeah with with with jokes uh john roderick who you might recognize from i was
talking about him every single episode ever um i'm really glad you clarified that kyle canane almost
killed us with jokes and not like with his bare hands right probably good i don't we don't get
we don't want to get the pigs into this uh maximumfund.org forward slash donate go there
right now please help us thank you so much here's another question hi guys hey i'm a 22 year old lady
with a german oh not german gentleman friend what's up hi guys i'm a 22 year old lady with a
gentleman friend who i'd like to start calling my boyfriend i think justin wishes you'd start
calling him that too so he could read less words so it'll be a little easier to say thank you
we've known each other for a few years but just recently have been hanging out and basically dating
how can i bring up this conversation without making him feel like he's being forced to make
this thing we're doing official that's from stumped in stump town thank you stumped for taking a swing
at putting in a fun name i've seen that sort of on the decline and we really appreciate it when you
actually do that because it makes us feel like dear abby my concern stumped is that you're using
a lot of qualifying words like basically dating and it just uh this kind of seems like one of
those if you have to ask then it's probably it probably i mean yeah that's kind of my take on it
like if you don't feel comfortable doing it it's not the right time yet but like i mean it might
be the right time and just this person is dragging their feet a little bit which uh if that is the
case then there i don't think there is a way to not make them feel like they're being forced
i don't know why does it matter what you label it why do we have to label this i'm saying like
if you're enjoying their time and you're happy with how things are going let it happen naturally
and don't don't try to find the right time the right time will come whoa okay but no but just
from a from a fucking scientific cat griffin i just fucking dropped an awesome like knowledge
bomb and i mean you didn't you dropped a fucking live journal i said i did like a linen and people
are gonna quote it okay um what if this person like what if you're hanging out with this person
you walk up to somebody that you know and they know how do you introduce them i don't know if
you guys have ever seen that's awkward and i get not wanting to deal with i don't know if you guys
have ever been in that situation in real life it doesn't just only happen in movies it happens in
real life and guess what it fucking stinks it stinks like shit to be in that scenario
i think you gotta make the direct approach and say listen when we go places i'm really
tired of awkward conversations can we just say we're boyfriend girlfriend it's like not like
we're getting married it's just a label is that cool with you i actually don't hate that but don't
say the word married in there at all okay no reason to up the ante anymore than it is already
going to be upped just i mean here's a i kind of feel like the most important thing and like you'll
hear you'll hear this over and over again it's like a platitude but it is legitimately true
true that the most important thing you can have in any relationship new or old is butt sex
what sex sorry did you say i i kind of tuned out what were you unless this person has a long butt
and then that is physically impossible or at least exhausting so butt sex but also second to as
travis said butt sex it's just trying to up the uh just trying to up the adult quotient here uh
communication talking honestly like if this is an honest if this is a big deal to you for reasons
that are not going to be intimidating then there's no reason for you to to not be honest like this
is an awkward thing and i kind of feel like things have been going well you know are we
date like are we exclusively dating my new girlfriend my are you my boyfriend
it's weird introducing you to people it's kind of a weird thing um i do wish how long has this
been going on hanging out and oh man that basically dating see that's where i think
step one basically hey are we dating oh yeah basically dating is like weird does that mean
you're macking are you macking on each other like with makeouts and stuff is that happening are you
at are you like necking are you necking freeze do you do that thing where you put your hands in
each other's back pockets very innocent i've never seen anybody do that in real life um
basically is weird i think it's um you just gotta talk about it we don't know we don't
know enough about your stitch i'm sorry this yeah this is a really this is a really tough
needle to thread i think that uh if you if you initiate the conversation though i mean
the worst case scenario is that you scare them off and you ruin the whole thing
great great great great great we don't really we're not really that good at advice um you guys
wanna yahoo or should uh no read this next question because it's great okay i just broke up with my
girlfriend because the mcroy by the way just gave me the shittiest advice before i broke up with her
i bought her a chocolate heart which i didn't end up giving to her my question what i do with
this heart can i eat it should i give it to her what are you talking about i can't return it was
a discount item i can tell that i can't believe that relationship didn't work out corollary
question i might be getting back together with my ex can i give it to her holy shit hold on wait
wait wait the exit this person's getting back together with is not is not the person separate
ex separate ex this is signed best dude ever apparently i mean if it let's not rush into this
one okay okay can you eat the chocolate heart yeah i would say yes but only if you need it
like if you need it to get through this breakup i think you are completely within your rights to
like i i feel like breaking up with somebody is basically the best kind of like sad thing that
can happen to you personally because it's not the end of the world and it's not going to do you any
long-term harm it's just sad in like a very sort of healthy way so i think the best kind of sad
thing that could happen to you is that you're too good at sex and people give you too much money to
try to cope with it and you don't know how to deal with all the pressure of being super rich
and super good at sex the saddest the best sad thing that could happen to you is that you're
bruno mars he cries himself to sleep every night singing a low and mournful song so you can eat it
right oh that's i would peep i would fucking peep the expiration date on that bear discount
dairy product though i would check out when that if possible it would be great to eat it in front
of your most recent ex-girlfriend this is what you did to me symbolically speaking you're not
getting any of this pretend this chocolate heart is my loving you don't get any more marshmallow
in here oh you want it i got this valentine's day at heart at walgreens last week um i got a
few hours to let us try please help me i'm lost um don't give it to her anyway don't give it to
someone else don't give it to your ex be careful about eating it maybe maybe just bury it put it
in your bread box forget about it find it again in the year you don't really have eaten bags
of chex wigs i have my bread box it's guys it's like a fucking museum it's the create i have no
idea why you still have all those things i like here's how it normally shakes out or on a road
trip for some reason when i'm at a gas station on a road trip i want chex mix it seems like
the best overall option that are corn nuts and then i'll eat half the bag and like when i'm at
home though i'm never feeling like i'm gonna eat some chex mix um this stuff stays good forever
basically done it's indestructible um and i i have a lot of it a lot of half-eaten bags of chex mix what
are we talking about um i mean we were helping this person but if you want to keep talking about
the things that you have in your bread box don't give it to your ex that is just i mean don't give
it to your dog it'll die yeah don't give her your dog it'll die so many don't give it to your ex
she'll kill you it's like not even uh there's no there's nothing you can do with this heart i'm
sorry now i understand your question i'm sorry i mocked you there's nothing you could do with it
throwing it away would be like that sounds like a palatable option or so does eating it but like
actually put yourself in that metaphorical head space right so like bend bend folds evaporated
playing over your home stereo and you're like sadly breaking off pieces of a chocolate heart
like just like little oh yeah saliva makes with chocolate dripping down your chin oh god here's
what you have to do you gotta lean into it you gotta put it in a skillet and watch it oh shit
that's good whatever you do just make sure you don't throw the entire package away without
bend folds evaporated plain you gotta go one drippy drop at a time you gotta really savor
the flavor of your misery don't save it the flavor of the chocolate savor the symbolism
um there's nothing you could do with this chocolate you have to you have to move
it's the chocolate heart's house now that's where the chocolate there's nothing that can
happen to this heart that wouldn't be sad skeet shooting maybe that might be tight how aerodynamic
is this chocolate heart how goes your aim do you have a aw gun y'all want a yahoo please uh i this
yahoo was sent in by drew davenport thank you drew emerald member it's by yahoo answers user
tynan who asks why did i cry during click uh click spoiler alerts if you want if you are planning on
watching click this uh this coming weekend and you want to enjoy it fresh with virgin ears and
eyes stop listening for the next few seconds oh thank you okay travis you want to dial out
real quick my i'm gonna take kick him off the skype call oh you're both going okay well this
is gonna make conversation about this question a little bit more difficult but i guess we will
we will find our way through it no i'll just talk about it without listening like i normally do
fantastic uh why did i cry during click it's a comedy but i cried during his heart attack and
when he died at the end what i don't get travis i fucking warned you uh i don't get it you don't
cry during comedies you laugh that's how adam sandler fucking does it though isn't it he fucking
gets you in the end you're like i can't wait to watch this adam sandler movie it's gonna be a
laugh riot what's it called spanglish and then you get to the end you're like it's like the end
of billy madison when he has a heart attack he has he's all like rosebud when you sit when you
saw i now pronounce you dave and brandon and then at the end it's like i thought this movie was gonna
be hateful towards the gay community and it absolutely was but it had it kind of had tried
to do a message there at the end i can't because i watched it i can't believe i spent my money on
that all right jack and jill when he has a heart attack and dies there's two different characters
at the same time and the last shot is them lying on the floor reaching out to each other trying
to touch each other to connect one more time it was in a movie for the afterlife alone he was in
that motherfucker was in a movie called funny people it was anything but it was all tears
tears teary-eyed people he was great in steel magnolias though oh yeah so funny dude that was
funny that was funny you know what other adam sandler movies are like tell us such talk all
about it i like 50 first dates i thought it was romantic and sweet i like anytime him and that
drew barrymore can get together sure i didn't like the part at the end when she when he's on
a respirator and she pulls his plug and she's like this was our 50th date and he dies and then she
immediately forgets everything about him it would be good if the movie's called 50 first dates one
last date that movie is very sad travis brought up 50 first dates but that's probably the sad
who is this baby it's my what sorry my child that i have so they don't show you is like the
horrifying like alien abduction moment when she wakes up and she's pregnant oh my god travis you're
right like she hasn't watched the video yet she doesn't know what's up she's just woken up and
there's a baby inside her all of a sudden how about how about we flash forward another five years
when you try to explain to your four-year-old why they have to meet their mommy every day
why doesn't she are you sure she doesn't you have a good excuse for missing her soccer game i guess
terrible mom what about when the harry potter movies came out there's not enough hours in the
day to watch sorcerer's stone then chamber of secrets and then prisoner of azkaban and then
gobble of fire and then order of the phoenix and then half blood prince and then oh i definitely
hallows part one and then definitely hallows part two comes out like there's not that's like 28
hours already to get caught up in order to see the second part like that yeah we don't even
deal with the fact in 50 first dates that she hasn't read a book since she was like 16
yeah or whatever you know like she can't get even she reasonable she forgets what was in it
she doesn't know who's president every morning she wakes up and is shocked that we have a black
president she's gonna she's gonna oh that people are gonna think she's a racist that's an undercurrent
in that film is that drew Barrymore is just a fucking raging bigot every morning she's gonna
go into office at her office and say uh can you guys believe we have a black president and then
everyone's gonna be like again she's on this again every day she talks about yeah right let me see
that birth certificate maybe like you did you fucking oh my god you're the worst the good news
is she gets watched gang up style every day for the first time that's uplifting oh boy she would
be amazing like every every day in your office she's like no no no you have to watch the little
kid his name is charlie and his little baby brother bites his finger just chill on it for
a second wait till you wait for the moment um that was a pretty good bit i thought or we talked about
50 first dates for a while yep here's the thing we discover we try to do extra long episodes
when we uh have a pledge drive going on but we apparently around an hour our brains literally
run out well we didn't even address the subject matter of this question which is why did i cry
during click i think it really is part of fucking adam sandler's formula you make him laugh for 45
minutes and then you give him 15 minutes of crying and then usually it resolves on a uh you know a
bright note i don't know if you guys have seen click he doesn't have a he doesn't actually die
at the end god damn it griffin do you think this person just like saw adam sandler die
i was like too sad stop eject burn i'm gonna use my own remote stop it stop adam sandler's pain
i have to stop the pain that's a good reminder that like your remote at home may not control
your entire life but it can't control how much of an adam sandler movie you have to watch
which is basically the most important thing in your life can i ask you a quick question justin
yeah yeah i thought grown-ups 2 is better than the original 2 yes you don't even have to ask
but what's the question no that was it you got it okay good uh there's oh i'm sorry no my question
was what the fuck have you ever done to make fun of adam sandler oh that's right that was the
question i meant to ask who the fuck are you okay go on with the next question i listen i you don't
want to get started on this with me because if we step outside the bit you don't want to come
outside the bit you don't want to see my hand where i hit me at because i did i did watch
you don't mess with the zoe han on pay-per-view tv i did what sir under what auspices sir under
what dress i was saying you don't want to get into this conversation because you will lose
adam sandler will literally call me on my cell phone to thank me for being such a great fan of his
i don't mean the guy has his moments i i get you know what it was sometimes i get obsessed with
knowing how bad something is it's not like i watch it for fun but like i can't fathom for for
instance i have watched the scene in master of disguise when pistachio disguise he dresses as a
turtle and tries to get into the turtle club probably 50 times like no exaggeration probably 50
times and i i have always wanted to actually sit down and watch that movie because if that is like
the scene how could this film get from beginning that was you're saying that was the fucking hook
like that was the scene that they built the rest of the film around it was the the comedy
was the the comedy trailer yeah yeah no yeah do you think that there are people in this world
that have only seen adam sandler and punch drunk love and if you were to show them like happy
gilmore it would just blow their fucking minds like they were saying you're going adam sandler
is an amazing dramatic actor are there people who saw punch drunk love who thought that adam
sailor is an amazing dramatic actor well if you watch it on shrooms it's an amazing experience
the colors on the the between the scenes were amazing dramatic actors there is a lady who is
the cafeteria cashier at the location i work at she is constantly trying to hook me up with another
girl who works in a different department with comments like she's a nice girl and you guys
look good together now who she is starting who were you just doing there that's uh jackie oh
jackie oh yeah she is starting to make me feel extremely guilty jack a that's jack a oh my new
character that combines jacqueline kennedy on asses and jack a uh she is starting to make me
feel extremely guilty that i haven't done anything yet i work close to 70 hours per week and i'm a
part-time student in college so clearly i don't have time uh for any form of relationships brothers
how do i ease both the cashier lady and this other girl and informing me informing them that
my educational work have to come first that's from occupied in the office i smell a sarah jessica
parker movie yep you're gonna have to ask out the cafeteria lady the best advice i can give you
you fall hit your head get some sort of mild contusion i think that's what a contusion is
and then forget and then like wake up a new person basically who's experiencing your life
for the first time and realize that love is the most important thing in your life or tell these
people to eat your butt because this is the fucking worst ever eat your long bite eat all
48 inches of my long butt this sucks dick this is the worst when you have somebody trying to set
you up with somebody else and then they try to make you feel like shit when you say i'm not
interested either because i'm not attracted to that person or because i have a lot of other shit
going on it's the fucking pits it's the worst situation you can put a person in if you are
doing that to one of your friends now eat their butt because that's terrible but she sounds like
she sounds like such a pleasant cafeteria sounds nice once again how's he gonna shut this down
griffin in a pleasant way i think just look at him be like hey darlene thanks for the extra
serving of pudding also fuck off then you dump the pudding on her head um but then you scoop
the pudding back in the bowl because it's you shouldn't waste it i know you're trying to make
a point right now but please don't waste this pudding you really do like to put um no this
just sucks like why is it such a big deal i mean here's the best advice i can give you and that's
work out of your home i i i used to run into situations like this so it made me uncomfortable
every day and now i start working my home and nobody bothers me more you know how much i'd love
for somebody to bother me about somebody who works in a different department there is no one in any
other departments i'm at my house you are so like a shining like scene in which justin enters a
cafeteria he never knew was in his house and the cafeteria lady behind the counter you've been here
all ready for your ready for your pudding i has this has the has the cafeteria worker
keyed in the other person to the fact that she's trying to hook you two up
man i hope so because one of the things this person asks about is how to tell the other girl
see that's the thing that's what it makes it sound like it makes it sound like this cafeteria
worker was like hey i have this girl she's really nice i think you guys should get together and you
said oh i don't know anyway thanks for the pudding this is the extent of what i want our transactions
to be from this point out thanks bye uh and then this person took it upon themselves to go talk to
the other person say hey trying to hook you up with this other guy isn't that a great idea like
that person is the worst person i don't understand good friend i don't understand why this is making
you so angry because you are literally like i mean it seems pretty benign she's just trying to
have some fun past the time she's having fun at your fucking expense though it's momentarily
awkward like why can't this be a cute little change because i've actually been in this situation
before where when i worked at sears the there's a girl that i worked with me that we were good
friends i did in the land's end department what's up ladies um travis you're married there's this
girl that are what you're married no i'm just letting ladies know that i can hook them up with
the finest lands in fashions there's this girl that uh she and i got along well and we were
good friends and our boss started like saying stuff like you guys would be really cute together
you got have you unacceptable okay great and then it escalated to a point where she would do it when
we were like in the same area so like to both of us have you guys ever thought about going out have
you guys it's like this is really awful and like it was very atrocious it was pretty horrible it
went from being like the benign like elbowing like hey have you thought about asking out what's her
face to like you two you should do it it is so hard to find a person that you get along with in
that special way you have to get along with somebody to form like a a relationship with
them on this level it's so fucking difficult you don't need like people just like chucking false
flags at you on the daily on the daily reg that sucks yeah maybe you here's the problem with the
tables in this situation is that they're facing the wrong direction and when that's the case
there's only one thing you can do do you know what that is griffin i know you turn the tables
oh okay you say to her i was confused about the whole table thing at first because it's like a
confusing thing it's like a metaphor kind of like so you start serving her food no you say hey listen
chuck the guy who makes hamburger patties is giving out and that's a little on the nose
what why okay you think there's a guy you think this cafeteria is well off enough that they can
hire a fucking patty technician not only got his name to chuck okay so you know i've got this
friend his name is hamburger brothy the soup guy has been giving you the eye and free because he's
only got one of them he's only got one the other fell into soup it was the most delicious soup this
person ever tasted it made everybody love human flesh everybody tried the eyeball soup but he
could never replicate it until the one day that he did this summer adam sandler is the blind man
wait what was your title brothy the blind okay mine was no i'd soup monster okay they're both
functional it's just a different tone sure depends on if you get a robert rodriguez or like let's
bounce it off marketing and we'll see like which one has more brand brand appeal i love it i think
no i'd soup monster has a little bit better pop i think it'll make a way better hashtag
um here's my hashtag for the week you want to know what it is max fun drive one last time before we
let you go we want to ask you to go to maximum fun org forward slash donate and pledge at one of
those levels if you're a returning donor up it just a little bit and it would mean the world to
us and you'll get shit if you do that you also get this is a network that is on it's sort of
unprecedented you know it is it is a people say you can't make money with podcasts and you can't
support podcasts and we are trying to prove people wrong uh every every year by putting out really
great content that is only exists because you want it to you it only exists because you like it and
you pay to keep it on the air um and on the on the metaphorical air as it were um and that is
and that is personally really uh it's it's it means a lot it's also like what i love so much
about about this this sort of community uh so justin our other job is in the video game community
which at times some of like the worst elements of that community can come out and make things
sort of terrible um it's obviously it's not all bad but the there there is like the a pretty um
um a large contingent of negative people in that and i think that's not just just strictly video
games i think that's like internet wide like twitter has just been bumming me out on the rag
lately uh of just like a lot of negative nellys and maximum fun not only is our like entire
community like a hundred percent of the time basically positive and like rad and like always
having great conversations on on twitter and in the forums and being just like super cool
to each other i think the shows themselves represent sort of a a non-ironic like well
intentioned form of entertainment that i think is super super rare yes we have some fun at adam
sandler's expense and yes occasionally we turn our um i guess you would call it spite on to um
people like i don't jugglers or french stewart but for the most part i think french jugglers or
french stewart when he's juggling um i think for the most part like we're we're pretty positive and
pretty just like happy people and i think that the shows on the network sort of reflect that
and that's what i think is so rare is like we're not just outwardly being shitty to everyone and
hoping that funny stuff happens sometimes like i feel like this sort of the max fun motto is is one
of of positivity and what is that motto um it's a goose here um so if you can it really it don't
don't wait for somebody else to do it join the family we're seeing now just before the episode
ends pretend pretend we're your your preacher we're standing up waiting for you i think i just
feel in my heart the lord is telling me that there's can i get my guitar and play like three
chords like just over and over again let me grab it real quick okay i know right now you know this
has been an amazing week you know you've had so much fun with all your friends here on the maximum
fun network and it's meant a lot to you but you know what all that growth all those things you
learn they're not gonna mean nothing if you do not come away from this experience with some
sort of commitment i just feel in my heart right now i have a burden um that someone out there
needs to get right they need to get right with the maximum fun network you need to just reach
into your wallet what were you gonna spend that money on some secular movie click to click
the clicking the clicking um listen scary world out there i know i know it's not like the world
you grew up in but right now you got a chance to change that world don't look to your left
okay look to your right just close your close everybody close your eyes everybody close your
eyes just bow your head and close your eyes just raise one hand i just want to know everybody close
your eyes if you need to get right with max fun network right now no one's looking it's just you
and me raise your hand right now good all right so take that hand put it on a keyboard and then
put your other hand also on that keyboard and type in maximumfund.org slash donate
it and then you're gonna get right and then witness to a friend witness to a friend
guilt your friends into accepting max fun into their hearts uh you can you can do this
and we're here for you do me a favor too if you do donate to maximumfund.org
yes yeah please if you do donate to maximumfund.org or you up your donation please let us know on
twitter at mbnbam or at justin mcroy travis mcroy griffin mcroy whatever let us know so we can thank
you yeah i i like to thank as many people as i humanly can that let me know about their uh
donation and because it really it from me to you justin mcroy to you listening at home john
beth you're just picking some general names lindsay just some general but it's somebody's
gonna connect one of these tromper crang crungus
dennis quay raven raven simone skaliya
go to maximumfund.org for a session today uh thank you so much thank you for bearing with us
we don't like having to ask for money but the fact is nobody just mails us checks directly so
we have to do it like this uh and thank you for being here with us um you know all the usual stuff
twitter facebook subscribe also we love you well we love you very much that important thing i love
the long winters putting the days to bed which is the album where you can find our theme song
it's a departure uh just a truly truly fantastic album so is there other albums like uh like when
i pretend to fall uh the ultimatum ep fantastic one um so make sure that you get those and support
them like like they've supported us over the years with their tunes okay uh we got one more question
from griffin we do uh this final yahoo question was sent in by drew davenport emerald member
thank you drew it's by yahoo answers user giana who asks can you eat subway when you have a stomach
virus i'm just a mcroy i'm travis mcroy i'm griffin mcroy it's been my brother my brother
and me kiss your dad at school around the lips
do maximum fun.org comedy and culture artist owned listener supported